1)write a java program to display the numbers from 1 to 10 by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
2)write a java program to display the numbers from 10 to 1 by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
3)write a java program to display the Alphabets from A to Z by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
4)write a java program to display the Alphabets from Z to A by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
5)write a java program to display the Alphabets from a to z by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
6)write a java program to display the Alphabets from z to a by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
7)write a java program to display the Vowels in forward direction by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
8)write a java program to display the Vowels in backward direction by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
9)write a java program to display the consonants in forward direction by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
10)write a java program to display the consonants in backward direction by using for loop,while loop and do while loop separately.
11)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is even only.
12)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is odd only.
13)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is positive only.
14)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is negative only.
15)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is even and positive only and if the condition satisfied then display the multiplication table of the number in the ascending order.
16)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is odd and positive only and if the condition satisfied then display the multiplication table of the number in the descending order.
17)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is even and Negative only and if the condition satisfied then display the multiplication table of the number in the ascending order.
18)write a java program to design a method to check wheather the numbers is odd and negative only and if the condition satisfied then display the multiplication table of the number in the descending order.
19)write a java program to design the basic calculator and perform the basic arithmetic opeartion based operation upon the user choice.
20)write a java program to reverse a number.
21)write a java program to display the sum of the digits of the number.
22)write a java program to display the alphabets present at the even ASCII code.
23)write a java program to display the alphabets present at the odd ASCII code.
24)write a java program to display the number from 1 to 10 by using one dimensional primitive array.
25)write a java program to display the number from 10 to 1 by using one dimensional primitive array.
26)write a java program to display the number from A to Z by using one dimensional primitive array.
27)write a java program to display the number from Z to A by using one dimensional primitive array.
28)write a java program to display the number from a to z by using one dimensional primitive array.
29)write a java program to display the number from z to a by using one dimensional primitive array.
30)write a java program to display the display the days of the week by using one dimensional non primitive arrays
31)write a java program to display the display the months of the year by using one dimensional non primitive arrays
32)write a java program to display the display the vowels from A to Z by using one dimensional primitive arrays.
33)write a java program to display the display the vowels from Z to A by using one dimensional primitive arrays.
34)write a java program to display the display the consonants from A to Z by using one dimensional primitive arrays.
35)write a java program to display the display the consonants from Z to A by using one dimensional primitive arrays.
22/02/23
36)write a java program to display the display the sum of the elements present in the one dimensional primitive arrays.
37)write a java program to display the display the sum of the even elements present in the one dimensional primitive arrays.
38)write a java program to display the display the sum of the odd elements present in the one dimensional primitive arrays.
23/02/23
